Update notebooks (#148)
MiBiPreT/mibitrans: docs/background/bioscreen.md

Reviewer: I like that you made this section a lot lighter than it was. Did the deleted information go somewhere else, or did you just remove it? Both are fine I suppose, more out of personal interest.

Author: I believe part of the information was spread out to related sections, like instant reaction and model implementations. It is indeed nice to clean up the Bioscreen section a bit, prevents it from becoming at too large part of the package.

# BIOSCREEN

## General

> [*BIOSCREEN*](https://www.epa.gov/water-research/bioscreen-natural-attenuation-decision-support-system) has been developed by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in collaboration with the U.S. Air Force as natural attenuation decision support tool [Newell et al, 1996, 1997]. Its is meant as screening tool to determine if a full-scale evaluation of a contaminated site is needed. Thereby it is not replacing a more involved numerical model, but serves as preliminary step to evaluate the necessity of an involved numerical model. 

Reviewer: I found a tiny typo in this line

```suggestion
[*BIOSCREEN*](https://www.epa.gov/water-research/bioscreen-natural-attenuation-decision-support-system) has been developed by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in collaboration with the U.S. Air Force as natural attenuation decision support tool [Newell et al, 1996, 1997]. It is meant as screening tool to determine if a full-scale evaluation of a contaminated site is needed. Thereby it is not replacing a more involved numerical model, but serves as preliminary step to evaluate the necessity of an involved numerical model. 
```

* no decay
* linear decay
* instantaneous biodegradation reaction

Version 1.4 provides the option to calculate mass balances of the plume and the source. *BIOSCREEN* comes with two sets of example data.

*BIOSCREEN* is implemented in Excel, and provides a graphical interface. The latest version is *BIOSCREEN* 1.4. It was released to be compatible with Microsoft Excel 5.0. Analysis is performed using macro scripts and cellular calculations. Calculations inside the Excel sheets are hidden in the background, and give insight into the actual calculations behind the model.
The spatial resolution of the plume is fixed to 11 steps over the plume length and 5 steps lateral to the plume. Temporal resolution is fixed to 10 time steps. This resolution is relative to the set model extent and time. *BIOSCREEN* only evaluates the solution z=0 and does not provide a vertically resolved solution.

## Transport model

Transport in *BIOSCREEN* is modelled based on the analytical model of *Domenico*, [1987]. The actual implementation is the same as the equation for the *Bioscreen* Model Class in the `mibitrans` package (see section **Model Implementations**).

> The *Domenico*-solution has not been derived mathematically rigorous as analytical solution of the ADE, but has been composed of analytical solutions for the individual processes. As *Domenico*, [1987] writes, *"an exact solution to this problem cannot avaid some form of numerical integration"*. The provided analytical expression approximates the concentration distribution of a decaying species that is released to the aquifer as an extended pulse. *West et al., 2007* provides a detailed overview on the effects of the approximations in the *Domenico*-solution and potential error it can introduce to solute transport predictions.

Reviewer: Little wording suggestion:

```suggestion
The *Domenico*-solution has not been derived with mathematical rigor as analytical solution of the ADE, but has been composed of analytical solutions for the individual processes. As *Domenico*, [1987] writes, *"an exact solution to this problem cannot avoid some form of numerical integration"*. The provided analytical expression approximates the concentration distribution of a decaying species that is released to the aquifer as an extended pulse. *West et al., 2007* provides a detailed overview on the effects of the approximations in the *Domenico*-solution and potential error it can introduce to solute transport predictions.
```
